{\rtf1 {\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 From: \b0\tab frikkie bouwer <frikbou3@gmail.com>\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 To:\b0\tab Nicole Birch <nicoleb@moresport.co.za>\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 CC:\b0\tab Elize Van Eeden <Elize.VanEeden@nwu.ac.za>, Kobus Potgieter <kobusp@moresport.co.za>, Francois Nel <mot256@gmail.com>, SWH Atterbury <atterbury@swh.co.za>, SWH Zambezi <zambezi@swh.co.za>, SWH Centurion Admin <centurion-admin@swh.co.za>, SWH Atterbury <atterbury-admin@swh.co.za>, SWH Zambezi <zambezi-admin@swh.co.za>, Sam Khoza <sam@moresport.co.za>, Louis Brits <louis@moresport.co.za>, Steven Baird <steven@moresport.co.za>, Sakkie du Plooy <sakkiedup@gmail.com>, "Bert v .d Raad" <bp-sunny@mweb.co.za>, Manager <centurion@swh.co.za>\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 Date: \b0\tab 15/06/28 18:05\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 Subject: \b0\tab Re: Fwd: Re Draf en Stap vir Bybels-Kontak met Frikkie Bouwer van Sportsman Warehouse\par
\pard\tx1500\tx3000\plain\fs16\cf1\b1 Attachments:\b0\tab SDC19812.JPG; SDC19817.JPG; SDC19818.JPG; SDC19821.JPG; SDC19823.JPG; SDC19826.JPG; SDC19830.JPG\par
\par
Morning Nicole,\par \par Hi Its a pleasure to be back to what i love to serve the athlete's.\par \par Well what a Day it turned out to be COLD.\par \par A big complement must go to Elize and her team that once again put up a\par fantastic Race.\par \par Herewith a few pic's from the Start and Finish enjoy.\par \par Regards,\par \par \par *Frikkie.*\par \par *ps thanks to all the Staff that was there and on time.*\par \par \par \par \par \par 2015-06-21 16:41 GMT+02:00 frikkie bouwer <frikbou3@gmail.com>:\par \par > Hi Morne,\par >\par > Good Morning,\par >\par > Your Race is coming up this weekend and i know you guy's are busy with a\par > SALE.\par >\par > Planning planning is essential for this race.\par >\par > In the meantime will you please organize 15 Staff from the 3 Pretoria\par > Stores.\par >\par > Morne i will be needing 5 Staff to assist me at the Start/Finish and the\par > other 10 must man the water point.\par >\par > Sakkie will let us know in advance were is it located.\par >\par > Times to be at the venue will be advised.\par >\par > Once again i thank you for your understanding.\par >\par > If unsure of anything please give me a call.\par >\par > Thank you,\par >\par >\par > *Frikkie*\par >\par > *ps i will be needing 2 Staff on Friday to go and dress the Start/Finish.*\par >\par >\par >\par >\par >\par > 2015-06-19 18:20 GMT+02:00 frikkie bouwer <frikbou3@gmail.com>:\par >\par >> Hi Francois,\par >>\par >> Kan jy asb jou cell nommer laat kry sal jou Maandag kontak.\par >>\par >> Groete,\par >>\par >> *Frikkie*\par >>\par >> 2015-06-03 19:56 GMT+02:00 Francois Nel <mot256@gmail.com>:\par >>\par >>> Hi Frikkie,\par >>>\par >>> Ek wil graag weet wat die dimensies van die banners wat jul wil opstel\par >>> by die race? Wil net beplan vir die eind tonnels.\par >>>\par >>> Groete,\par >>> Francois Nel\par >>> On 02 Jun 2015 11:28 AM, "frikkie bouwer" <frikbou3@gmail.com> wrote:\par >>>\par >>>> Hi Morne,\par >>>>\par >>>> Ek stuur vir jou die skrywe van Elize van Eeden vir jou aandag.\par >>>>\par >>>> Sal weer met jou kontak nader aan die tyd.\par >>>>\par >>>> Groete,\par >>>>\par >>>> *Frikkie.*\par >>>>\par >>>>\par >>>> ---------- Forwarded message ----------\par >>>> From: Elize Van Eeden <Elize.VanEeden@nwu.ac.za>\par >>>> Date: 2015-06-01 19:01 GMT+02:00\par >>>> Subject: Re Draf en Stap vir Bybels-Kontak met Frikkie Bouwer van\par >>>> Sportsman Warehouse\par >>>> To: mot256@gmail.com\par >>>> Cc: frikkie bouwer <frikbou3@gmail.com>\par >>>>\par >>>>\par >>>>  Hallo Francois!\par >>>> Ek kopieer soos beloof vir Frikkie by Sportsman Warehouse wat\par >>>> verantwoordelik sal wees vir die opstelling van onder meer die Finish by\par >>>> ons Draf en Stap vir Bybels op 27 Junie by Zwartkop Ho\u235 ?rskool se baan.  Jy\par >>>> wou met hom gesels?\par >>>>\par >>>> Intussen hoop ek jy het 'n fantastiese Comrades gehad Francois?!  Laat\par >>>> weet![image: \u9786 ?]\par >>>> Groetes\par >>>> Elize\par >>>>\par >>>> Prof. Elize S. van Eeden\par >>>> Historian & Research Consultant\par >>>> School of Basic Sciences\par >>>> Vaal Triangle Campus\par >>>> PO Box 1174\par >>>> North West University\par >>>> Vanderbijlpark 1900\par >>>> SOUTH AFRICA\par >>>> Cell: 082 752 8839\par >>>> Work: 016 910 3469\par >>>>\par >>>>\par >>>> Vrywaringsklousule / Disclaimer: *http://www.nwu.ac.za/it/gov-man/disclaimer.html\par >>>> <http://www.nwu.ac.za/it/gov-man/disclaimer.html>*\par >>>>\par >>>>\par >>>>\par >>>> --\par >>>> *Frikkie Bouwer*,\par >>>>\par >>>> Box 2620,Cresta, 2118.\par >>>> Cell; +27 82 416 5015.\par >>>> e.mail, frikbou3@gmail.com.\par >>>>\par >>>\par >>\par >>\par >> --\par >> *Frikkie Bouwer*,\par >>\par >> Box 2620,Cresta, 2118.\par >> Cell; +27 82 416 5015.\par >> e.mail, frikbou3@gmail.com.\par >>\par >\par >\par >\par > --\par > *Frikkie Bouwer*,\par >\par > Box 2620,Cresta, 2118.\par > Cell; +27 82 416 5015.\par > e.mail, frikbou3@gmail.com.\par >\par \par \par \par -- \par *Frikkie Bouwer*,\par \par Box 2620,Cresta, 2118.\par Cell; +27 82 416 5015.\par e.mail, frikbou3@gmail.com.\par }